ladies and gentlemen I am Darkseid Phil
I'm just an invest in glasses for
completely unrelated video reasons to
this video okay but ladies and gentlemen
today is May 27 2020 we're having a big
celebration here on my stream
overwhelming amount of support I've
gotten in the last two months from my
viewers and as a reward I told my
viewers I would bring back a series that
has been beloved over the years
something that people have wanted me to
bring back for many many years actually
it's only been a year and a half since
it stopped being made but the series I'm
talking about is DSP tri Z where I try
various new items usually fast food but
every once in a while it's something
else different as well alright so today
live on my stream we're actually going
to be doing a live episode of DSP
tri-state where I try out not one but
two new fast food items from Papa John's
Pizza they are called the Papa DEA's
what they are our actual sandwiches all
right sandwiches that are used are used
sandwiches that are
um folded over almost like pizza dough
with ingredients on the inside I got two
different kinds I'm not gonna reveal to
you what they are till we open I'm here
live all right we got two different
sandwiches to try out here live on
stream okay they're still warm
piping warm here piping hot I've been
warm alright here's the first one
where's well what do you get six dollars
for a papa Diaz sixth box okay why would
think of cheery dude Rees rubbing for
two months appreciate your support six
bucks for this what do you get for six
dollars okay
it's pizza dough what it is it looks
like a small pizza okay and it's folded
over with ingredients inside and you get
some kind of a dipping sauce in this
case this is the Italian style Papa dia
so ingredients in this one include what
appears to be pepperoni sausage banana
peppers and a bunch of cheese okay
that's the Italian pop idea now
the dipping sauce you get with it it
just looks like marinara sauce to me I
guess we'll find out because I'm gonna
obviously I'm gonna dip it in there and
I'm gonna try it um it's warm and all
the cheese is melted nicely but I'm
wondering oh man I just touched it I
touched it in my fingers covered in
grease I barely touched the thing so
it's a good thing that I brought napkins
into my office here today I'm probably
gonna need them all may have to get more
um oh yeah
Alicia this is it he Bruce also has a
salami not just pepperoni so maybe it's
salami pepperoni sausage and cheese and
banana peppers okay all right oh and by
the way just like everything of Papa
John's they give you an extra banana
pepper to eat if you want it I like
banana peppers so that's kind of cool
okay
um so let let's pick this up
oh my god stuck okay so you're supposed
to eat it like a sandwich right um so I
guess what we'll do let's take a bite
just plain and then I might dip it in
the marinara sauce and see if it adds
any flavor the pizza dough is pretty
much feels just like regular Papa John's
Pizza don't fold it over so it really is
like a folded pizza okay ready
mm-hmm well who wow it's so different
oh I haven't done this in a while first
of all that was very salty I'm not gonna
lie there was a lot of salt by things we
did the meats they put in it are all
salty meats you know sausage salami and
pepperoni are all very salty meats so I
taste a lot of salt I did like the
banana pepper the banana pepper was a
good contrast to the other flavors and
give it a tankyness otherwise rather
than just salt salt salt salt salt okay
um so that was good but what I'd like to
do now is open up the marinara and maybe
dip this a little bit in the marinara
sauce and see if it actually adds
anything to it or not their nose is
sliding everywhere that's not good
okay so marinara I just opened it dip
this in okay
hmm you know what cool it's still
saltiest [ __ ] it is but the marinara
sauce actually makes it better in my
opinion like again youth the tankiness
of the banana pepper but now you're
getting the acidity of the tomato and
the marinara sauce it gives it more
robust flavor just eating the sandwich
by itself is kind of salty but having
the marinara sauce I feel makes it a
little bit more good for your palate all
right let's try again Oh
well I'll be honest here yeah be careful
because what happened is that bit and
all the ingredients shift it and almost
flew out of the sandwich on me so yeah
be careful eating this thing because it
can actually move you know all the
ingredients to move around while you're
trying to eat it um
it's not bad it's not great it's kind of
like having a piece a big piece of
newark pizza that you fold it over to
eat although admittedly the cheese is
kind of like melty sandwich cheese it's
not like pizza cheese you know what I
mean it's a little different in that
regard I'm taking another bite here
that's actually the first bag I got a
piece of sausage there sausage is pretty
good at Papa John's admittedly sausage
is very her greasy there and high in fat
but it's still pretty tasty
okay so that's you Italian pop idea okay
by the way there's no way I'm eating to
pop ideas on stream today's insanity
there's no way I'm doing that okay so
that's the Italian pop up to you now I
want to see what's in the other pop idea
that I got all right so let's take a
look this review through the magic of
editing this would be normally in a DSP
tries ever I would just skip right to
the next thing but we're not editing
today we're doing this live okay
so close that one up put it over here
for now headphones out of the way and by
the way after all that salt does a lot
of salt definitely need to use some
water here
to try to cleanse my mouth before I eat
the next one or try the next one my eat
the whole thing like I said okay all
right here is the second pop idea you
might say what is this one this is going
to be something different completely
than an Italian style this is the Philly
cheesesteak Papa dia okay so what comes
on the Philly cheesesteak pop at the end
let's take a look together we've got
pieces of steak duh a lot of cheese and
that's it
no I think I see an onion I think I see
a pepper actually so peppers and onions
steak and cheese no mushrooms I'm
surprised by that I thought there would
be mushrooms on this and I'm not seeing
any no it looks like I said pepper steak
cheese and maybe a little bit of onion
and that's about it
okay I mean those are classic
ingredients for a Philly steak and
cheese so it's not surprising that they
chose to put on there but no mushrooms
okay now what do they give you with this
I gotta shake my head at this you're
telling him a nice marinara sauce okay
this one came with their garlic dipping
sauce now for those of you who don't
know their garlic that brings us listen
to that it's like pure liquid butter and
in scent is essentially I think that's
actually what it is no in reality it's a
bunch of vegetable oil I'm reading it
right now
it's basically vegetable oil and less
than 2% of garlic ingredient like garlic
powder okay
it's [ __ ] nasty I'm sorry I just I
don't like this sauce I really don't I
think it's gross and the other thing is
you want you open it you're stuck you
can't like that marinara sauce had a
nice little pop it back on it's open
forever if you drop this I'm serious
about this cuz I this happened to me
before if you drop this somewhere your
house will smell like buttery garlic for
about a week
because it's that potent of stuff okay
so I think what I'm gonna do we're gonna
try to eat this without it I don't know
if I even want a chance opening the
goddamn thing
cuz I swear to God if I spill that
garlic sauce in my [ __ ] office I'm
gonna lose my mind
okay I'm not exactly the most
coordinated guy on the planet I may have
a little accident here live and I don't
want that to happen okay all right let's
try Oh God
I'm gonna pick this up I'm trying to
pick it up but it's greasy as hell on
the bottom and it's starting to fall
apart as soon as I pick it up all right
let's try it the Philly steak and cheese
or Philly cheesesteak Papa dia
hmm well I'll be honest I got mostly but
dough in that bite at the same time that
was nowhere near as salty as the Italian
one I want to try to bite near the
middle now hmm okay
Wow
that's good that's good that's really
good
the steak is flavorful even though you
know it's just frozen probably I'm sure
it's not fresh steak or anything it's
flavorful the both the pepper and the
onion are a good contrast to the flavor
of it the cheese is melty until and
tasty and delicious and it's not
actually salty as [ __ ]
this is cool I like this I'm shocked I
came into this expecting the worst the
first time I've done the DSP tries it in
over a year and a half and I was
figuring you know it's gonna be the
worst of the worst this tastes good if
you actually take a look you're not
gonna be able to see this if you look at
the roast beef that's in it or the steak
that's in it it's actually pink that's
good that means it's not overcooked and
frozen for a hundred years it means
actually cooked properly supposed to
have a pinkness to it it's actually
tender steak I'm shocked
we got tender steak at a fast-food joint
that makes pizza you know like what on
earth okay
I'll be honest here it's it's not
healthy for it's very you can tell it's
full of fat it's full of calories this
is not something that I would normally
eat especially not my diet I changed my
diet so much for what it used to be used
to be eat out all the time and now I
barely ever it was like the one time in
a month now that I'll be eating out is
this right here okay this is good
I like this I will more than likely
today not right now but I'll more than
likely finish this entire sandwich
because it actually tastes quite good
the Italian I don't know that Italian is
pretty damn salty it's better with the
marinara definitely but I don't know if
that's something that I would eat the
whole thing of now all right you know
what I really don't want to do this I
don't but I feel I have to being the
number one we're celebrating this big
amount of support I've gotten for two
months and number two the fact that this
wouldn't be a true DSP try Z if I didn't
actually try everything okay
we're gonna do it
oh man here we go
shake teryn share oh yeah share share
this with your family make sure everyone
gets that coccyx garlic juice in their
veins right as much fat and butter as
possible
oh my God look at that that is [ __ ]
vile oh it oh it smells like and it
looks like okay you know when you go to
the movie theater and they have movie
theater butter for your popcorn this
looks like the old movie theater butter
they used to give you before they went
to like all oil-based this looks like
purely yellow sludge and it smells like
it too
okay that is not good all right that is
vile it's just so strong it's so it
smells like pure butter
it smells like melted pure thick ass
butter how why would they put the things
I do guys I told you it's got to be
authentic I've got to try it all right
they put it with the feel this is good
by itself all right it's good by itself
you got to do it I'm gonna ruin the
sandwich doing this something I actually
like
that's a shame all right ready Oh God
dripped on my finger now my fingers
gonna [ __ ] smell like it all right
hold on Oh
oh-oh-oh it lingers oh oh
tastes like oh oh my god it tastes like
I ate a whole thing of movie theater
popcorn in one bite it really does oh I
gotta brush my teeth after this guy's oh
there is no way I can do the rest of the
stream without brushing my teeth first
that is disgusting dude oh oh I gotta
have more the sandwich kill the flavor
Oh me Oh even the sandwich doesn't taste
as good after you've had that garlic
sauce it like kills your kills your
tongue ma'am
oh now you know what I know what I got
to do I gotta get the Italian one cuz
the Italian ones so salty maybe the salt
of the Italian one will kill the flavor
of the butter yeah give me this one give
me some of the salt give me a salt mmm
okay that actually worked it cut through
the tankiness of the banana pepper and
the salt or that salami cooked through
the insane garlic butter taste it
actually were okay yeah it actually
killed okay I'm still gonna brush my
teeth but it actually killed the flavor
all right all right so oh now I got to
review this thing
okay so first of all the disgusting
garlic butter popcorn sauce negative ten
it's absolutely oh god there's eight
mate I'm not even kidding you it made a
[ __ ] grease stain on my table but
it's not greasy on the bottom the sauce
is so potent it has gone through the
molecular structure of the plastic to
create a grease smear on my laptop table
even though there's no grease on the
bottom of it oh my god alright so that
sauce is vile I would not wish anyone to
eat that I can't imagine someone
actually like liking that and going to
Papa John's oh man I hope they gave me
that cooking garlic sauce bro that's the
[ __ ] that's what makes the meal that is
disgusting [ __ ] right there that is
[ __ ] nasty okay the Italian pop idea
is okay it's very very salty but if you
get a bite that has more banana pepper
it's more tangy and then if you eat with
the marinara it's actually a little
better but I really strongly prefer the
Philly cheesesteak the steak is tender
and full of steak flavor oh my god now
I'm gonna vomit here on stream it's
tender and full of steak flavor the
onions and the peppers add a good
complementary flavor to it and because
it's not using pizza cheese but some
kind of a more creamy cheese in these
sandwiches it actually tastes more
authentic almost like a Philly
cheesesteak so the Philly cheesesteak I
give two thumbs up whatever you want to
give us a maximum score that's good
it's bad for you it's terrible for you
but I would get that I would actually
order that and eat that off the menu
the Italian probably not it's too salty
for me maybe if you like a lot of salty
Italian meats in your food you would
like the Italian I prefer let that was
like way too much salt for me with the
marinara a little better but but God
whatever you do do not dip any of the
sandwiches in this garlic sauce that is
like toxic in fact I'm going to go off
stream and I'm going to pour that [ __ ]
down my sink and I
to blasts hot water down my faucet past
that to try to get that out of my house
because that is so nasty
now before we conclude all shout outs
which we never used to do during DSP
tries because never lie we've got a lot
of shout outs to do here okay um let's
see here so use P for life took me a
dollar says won't this food make my gout
flare up that's not how it works it
doesn't I instantly eat some red meat
and my foot explodes like a bomb that's
not what happens what happens is if I
systematically eat unhealthy for a set
period of time including things like
shellfish and ready red meat in my meal
plans then yes my foot will swell up and
I'll be in excruciating pain simply
eating a pop Edea is not going to make
me get a go outbreak or anything like
that that's not how the disease works
okay they're anonymous Church that
devour crazy mama cheer says the fact of
the matter is in reality it's a mixed
bag actually no it's not
I say thumbs down to the Italian thumbs
way up for the Philly cheesesteak that's
not a mixed bag at all that's one's good
and one's bad
burned out blah cheers I stopped buying
papasan for my local store because the
amount of salt they add I thought it was
a local problem the thing is the thing
that's really salty about that is the
meats those Italian meats are naturally
salty you know and so if you're
expecting to get a non salty version of
something that has salami and freakin
sausage and stuff on it you're probably
fooling yourself so you know if you
really like Italian meats you'll
probably like that but for me that's
kind of way too salty cold engulfs the
dollars thing this is also cheap again I
don't really know if it is or not but
thank you for the dollar tip regardless
okay
Oh ghost of fks did a 50 bit cheer and
says please try to chew with your mouth
closed
I know it's on the internet but manners
please my mouth was very closed when I
chewed Dark Side Randall took me a
dollar he says people who illegally
restream my content annoy him I deserve
much more well there's nothing I could
do about a dark side Randall and the
point of the matter is there's no reason
to dwell on it I'm here having fun with
my
audience I don't really care about
anything outside of that period okay Oh
breezy mama cheered again and said this
is not an authentic GSP tries because
doesn't have the shaky camera close-up
with the food falling apart in my hands
and I need to smack my lips more it's
very different when I'm not using the
camcorder right when I'm chewing on a
camera setup it's a little different
cool tapes cheered and said Pico Morgan
wants to know how to ever had steak
Holmes yes I've had steak homes before
they're not bad but they're very dry
because they're frozen and I think
that's the point I'm making here is this
steak was tender and juicy and moist and
it was pink
stinkums really is kind of like
overcooked steak that's not great okay
um especially because they're so thin
cut when you cook them they tenders go
Brown right away and they're not not
amazing but maybe that is state gonna be
hilarious if actually Papa John's uses
stinkums um Papa John's CEO tipped me
dollars glad you enjoyed them your
George pin check will arrive in five to
ten business days
thank you very much CEO of Papa John's
Tomcats if it's a Joe Tom can't it be
twenty dollars say you fill your streams
would really help me get through the
lockdown in the UK thanks for all of
your work do you think the vest will
become an annual event festival 2021 um
honestly Tomcat it depends on war on how
things go then on my choice you know the
vest of all is something that is
happening impromptu out of nowhere
because of overwhelming support for two
straight months because people been
asking this actually is pertinent to
this video well Phil oh you're bringing
back DSP tries a full time no no I don't
like eating this food anymore I've
changed my diet I just like eating
home-cooked meals that are way healthier
than that kind of stuff all the time
but if we have reason to celebrate and
we do a special stream every once in a
while maybe then I would do it okay so
thank you for the $20 tip quirky excuse
me
Tomcat I appreciate that quirky raged
hit me a dollar ever thought about
getting drunk on a stream to celebrate
as a one-off thing it would be funny uh
I I have drank during the holiday
streams before last year was kind of fun
when I did it
so will I do it again maybe but I'm not
doing it anytime soon and not for just a
regular stream read spider-man she said
dude I I literally choked on drinking
water when you tasted a he's talking
about this disgusting garlic sauce I
don't believe this
maybe even Oh make anyone rats man love
to me $1 30 says the garlic ain't that
bad I love it
thank God he chose Italian a Philly
cheese those are the ones I get every
time I missed this it's so awesome I'm
loving this dude I'm sorry man love I
will never agree with you that garlic a
sauce is absolutely disgusting
so just for full disclosure they do have
other other flavors while my keyboard
stopped working they have barbecue bacon
I think it's like barbecue bacon ranch
or something like that and then they
also have Italian meats which is I guess
is supposed to be like pepperoni and
meatball and stuff like that but I
wanted to get these two I don't know why
I'll get two so there you go burned out
blog at a 500 cheers I love the honesty
one the garlic sauce they had ten for
pizza borders to soften them Wow
so I would think for like Oh for
leftover pizza if it's hard you dip it
in the garlic sauce to soften it that's
disgusting number two the salt is a big
problem why I stopped buying them number
three all food is very greasy it looks
very unhealthy I mean this fast-food
yeah I mean very very gonna get fast
food that probably isn't bad for you and
it's greasy
um hurts through the dollar and
complaining that this is an
underwhelming TSP tries it hurts I don't
give a [ __ ] about your opinion but
thanks for your dollar tip that's a
really stupid thing to say and I don't
appreciate an overwhelming negativity
actually it's fine you can be honest I
don't care I'm joking by the way you're
gonna be fine if you don't like it you
don't like it seems like the majority of
people watching live actually did like
the episode so um ghost of KS cheered
said what happened to your hair I here
we go again
so enjoy ghost of [ __ ] actually we
just say the ghost of this stream
chatter because he's not gonna be here
anymore he's just a ghost of a memory
because he's banned from my chat he's a
piece of human [ __ ] okay um continuing
on oh fly be sure you subscribe for
these who wants a great live stream
thank you fly these for the support I
appreciate that good to see you on the
stream by the way chunky Jack to me a
dollar thirty said unbanned me for the
vest of all no but thank you for the
dollar tip regardless um
cold zero choose to get yourself a beer
and bring cattle okay he's not coming
down the stream today and I'm not having
a beer today but thank you for the cheer
frog ins cheer
he said DSP tries that really took me
back would you consider making this a
sub golf no it's only for special
occasions super novae tears when you
drink the blood of your adversaries the
next DSP tries it no new nuke nak took
me a dollar and said shave it off or I'm
shaving my eyebrows for next stream you
got it the eyebrows are coming on sounds
like a good plan um Hank Hill propane
got reset for 28 months it what up
Congrats on the hundred vestry Thank You
Hank Hill appreciate that's good to see
you and I kill Phil just sheer and said
Phil you got to try all of them call and
order the other two no I'm not doing
that and pin my [ __ ] play serious I'm
really looking forward to your morrowind
stream on Friday actually morrowind is
probably gonna be Saturday night I think
so awesome alright guys that's it for
the return return of ESP tries it the
Italian Philly cheesesteak Pappa Diaz
Italian is kind of mad too salty for me
it's better with the marinara but still
too salty the Philly cheesesteak was
actually delicious and I'm going to eat
that and finish that later because it
was actually quite good thank you for
watching everyone will DSP tries at
return we'll find out maybe for a future
special event thanks